{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How many minutes are in 80 seconds? Two and a half hours? How many hours are in a quarter of a day? The answer to these questions is 1.33 minutes, 150 minutes, and 6 hours. Let me ask another question, what is 1.33 minutes? We don\'92t say that\'85ever. We say 00:01:20. \
\
This is confusing. Why can\'92t things work like the metric system? Can 80 seconds be .08 minutes, two and a half hours be something like 250 minutes and a quarter of a day look like 250 somethings? Yes, all you have to do is convert seconds.\
\
Let me explain. In metric, a unit like a meter is the same in every form, but can be expressed differently by referencing orders of magnitude. For example, 25 meters can be said as .025 kilometers or 2500 centimeters. It\'92s the same amount, so the number doesn\'92t change, but you change the order of magnitude(number of zeros) because you\'92re using a different prefix. We like to use these different prefixes for usability. You would\'92nt write a speed limit sign in millimeters per hour, would you? \
\
In the standard system for time, we don\'92t do this. Instead, each day is split into 24 hours, which are referred to either as 24 hours or as two separate 12 hour periods, you choose. Each of those hours is split into 12 parts, right? Wrong. Each hour is split into 60 minutes, then each minute into 60 seconds. So is each second split into 60 something elses? Nope. When you work with seconds, they work like metric, but there\'92s no such thing as a kilosecond. Don\'92t get me wrong, 24,12,and 60 are all great numbers for usability. That\'92s how we ended up with this system. What I\'92m saying is, we can do better than this. \
\
So can we just do that then? Can we just make a day in metric out of seconds? Well yes, but it\'92s not pretty. A day is 86,400 seconds long. So how long is a quarter of a day? 21,600 seconds. That\'92s not very human readable. \
\
To make a better system for time, we just need to look at what we like from metric, which apparently can\'92t be used. What we like about metric is that it is easy to switch between types of a given unit like meters because all you have to do is change the number of zeros. It\'92s easy to do math with meters because it\'92s all one number, not 3 different ones. \
\
That\'92s the problem then. Our system of time is 3 systems of time. Each part of our system can be individually treated like it\'92s own metric unit if we\'92d like, but we don\'92t do that because it would mess with everything else. Our system is a tripartite positional one, meaning that it\'92s made up of 3 connected systems of numbers that each individual work in terms of orders of magnitude. In other words, seconds, minutes, and hours are all base 10 numbers. However, we stitch them together using base 60 and base 24 if you include hours to days. \
\
So basically, we just need a system that is one continuously positional number and it needs to be easily dividable into parts that can be easily read by humans. All we need to do is convert seconds.\
\
Let\'92s make a system in base 10 like most of our numbers. Okay how many divisions do we want? These will act as hours, minutes, and seconds, but we might call them something else and there might be more or less divisions than 3. Let\'92s say 4 divisions. If we can only count up to 9,999, then I guess that makes 1 day 10,000 seconds. The problem here is a day is not 10,000 seconds, it\'92s 86,400. As I said, all we have to do is convert seconds. If we divide 10,000 by 86,400, we now know how many standard seconds there are in one of these new seconds, we\'92ll call them seconds(10) and seconds(O). O as in Original. But if we do this, 1 second(10) is now about 0.116 seconds(O). Granted we can make it 1.16 seconds(O) by just changing the number of divisions to 5. Then a day is 100,000 seconds(10). \
\
A quarter of a day is 25,000 seconds(10). We\'92ll call the divisions like this: 10^0 is seconds(10), 10^1 is superseconds(10), 10^2 is subminutes(10), 10^3 is superminutes(10), and 10^4 is hours(10). So 80 seconds(10) is 8 superseconds(10), 2 and a half hours(10) is 250 subminutes(10), and so on. \
\
It really just comes down to picking a base you like and a number of divisions you like. I personally like base 16 with 4 digits, because I think 4 digits is quite readable and I like hexadecimal is fantastic. Base 12 is also great, certainly better in principle than base 10, and if you give it 4 digits to work with, you get 1 second(12) = 0.24 seconds(10). Not the greatest conversion factor probably.\
\
I like to call this system for time Continuous Positional Time, because it is positional and continuous, unlike standard time which is not continuous since it skips from 1 number to another using a conversion factor like 60.  }