{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The app icon:\
\
I\'92m not sure what I want, but here are my ideas. The background color should be somewhat basic. A gradient might be good, but nothing crazy. I don\'92t know what color I want, but I\'92d like to see a few options. The sine wave is a must, and it must start low, go high. I rolling with the whole Continuous TIme thing, so sine wave, and I\'92m probably naming the app Continuum. As for the characters on either side of the sine wave, they can be whatever as long as it looks good. My sister had a cool idea about the design. My current design has sort of a calligraphy thing going on with the characters. Possibly could go with more of that. Maybe try putting some of the thick/thin juxtaposition onto the sine wave.\
\
\
The app:\
\
My original thought was to have 3 views: the time, the time changer, and the explanation.\
\
The time:\
\
Just a changing background with the time displayed in large letters. I\'92d like it to become even bigger when the phone\'92s horizontal. Probably touch anywhere on the screen or just the time to switch to changer view.\
\
The Changer:\
This view features the +/- buttons with the \'93Base\'94, \'93Digits\'94, and numbers next to them. I\'92m actually quite open to changed the way this is. I\'92m only doing the way I\'92m doing it because I couldn\'92t get something else to work. This view also includes a button that says \'93What am I looking at?\'94 that pulls up the explanation. \
I\'92ve thought about the background for this. Maybe it could be somewhat transparent or completely transparent. Maybe it could raise the time to be at the top. Up for whatever you think.\
\
The Explanation text:\
I\'92d like this to move the time to the top and show the text with a somewhat/maybe entirely tranparent background. I don\'92t know how feasible this is, so maybe the time should always be at the top. Now that I think of it, I like that idea. \
\
\
Notes:\
Currently I have the text \'93Continuous Positional Time\'94 at the top in a really ugly spot. I think I\'92ll leave it out entirely. \
Also, centering things makes sense horizontally, but I don\'92t know how to place things well now that there\'92s more than 1 thing on the screen. There is some snap action though, so I can snap things to align them. \
\
I don\'92t care about font, and I\'92ll take suggestions on revision to the background color loop idea.}